Are you okay?
You know what? You're gonna need a carburetor for that.
Let me go get one for you.
Thank you.
Intro to the volume, please.
Trying to, but there just seems to be no audio.
What do you see?
Mr. Vanderbilt was alone in this room on that day.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
It seems to me like you did die of a heart attack.
Did you check the other security cameras mean media?
The one by the stairwell?
I checked all the cameras.
Except the one in the study.
But I didn't find anything.
Is there any more footage I don't know about?
We saw the footage, didn't we?
I erased everything that needed to be erased.
Do you know this?
No, I just...
What? Do you not believe me?